WITNESS TESTIMONY — CASE NO: CASE-2024-CIV-001
Name: Govind Tukaram Patil
Relation: Brother of Plaintiff (Ramesh Baburao Patil)
Date of Statement: 20th February 2024
Court: Civil Judge Senior Division, Nashik

SWORN TESTIMONY:

My name is Govind Tukaram Patil and I am 48 years of age. I am the younger brother
of the Plaintiff, Ramesh Baburao Patil. I reside in the same village Ozar and have
been a witness to all events related to the disputed property.

Regarding the purchase of land: I was present on 15th June 2001 when my brother
Ramesh purchased the agricultural land bearing Survey No. 145/2A from Govind
Ramchandra Patil, the father of the Defendant. The sale deed was executed and
registered at Sub-Registrar Office, Niphad in my presence. My brother paid the
full consideration amount and obtained possession of the land on the same day.

Regarding continuous possession: From 2001 to March 2022 — a period of over 21
years — my brother Ramesh was in continuous and uninterrupted possession of the
suit land. He cultivated sugarcane for first 10 years and then shifted to grape
cultivation which is more profitable. I personally helped him in agricultural work
during peak seasons. The Defendant Suresh never made any claim to the land during
this 21-year period.

Regarding the illegal occupation: In March 2022, my brother Ramesh was hospitalized
at Nashik Civil Hospital with severe cardiac issues and was admitted to ICU for
3 weeks. During this period of medical emergency, the Defendant Suresh Govind Patil,
taking advantage of the situation, illegally entered and occupied the suit land.
I personally witnessed Defendant's men ploughing the land on or about 15th March 2022.

When I objected, the Defendant threatened me and claimed the land belonged to his
father and that the sale deed of 2001 was a "fraud". This is completely false. My
brother recovered from his illness in April 2022 and immediately sent a legal notice
to the Defendant, but he refused to vacate.

I say that the Defendant has no right, title, or interest in the suit land and his
occupation is completely illegal and unlawful. My brother is the rightful owner and
the Defendant should be ordered to vacate immediately.

EXAMINATION IN CHIEF ENDS.
